Speaker 0    00:00:00    You wake up, you accidentally slept past your alarm. Temple starts in five minutes. What do I wear? What should I eat? What classes do I have to date that I do all my homework. Have I said enough for the exam? Boom. And just like that good morning in a matter of seconds has a conf frantic and a million thoughts are zooming around in your mind. What is a typical response to an over little thoughts to things out of our control, becoming anxious or simply worrying about our circumstances, but has worrying actually ever solved any problems or is it a waste of time is worrying acceptable or the biblical approach? No, nothing has ever been solved by worrying. And if worrying or a biblical approach, there be proper steps to follow for in the Bible for effective worrying. But because there are no steps for effective worrying.  
Speaker 0    00:00:46    Let's look at verse in the Bible that do talk about anxiety and worry. The Bible has over 50 verses that directly. One tells us not to worry. And two tells us how we should respond to things that should trigger us to worry. But I'll be only focusing on three and Philippian. And four six says, do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with Thanksgiving, let your request be made known to God. That is the God designed and perfect process of how we should go about our problems. No matter what they are worry is evident proof that the system is broken and we live in a world that tries to be apart from God's design because worry only comes with a perfect worry. Only comes with a broken world. If it was a perfect world, where would worry be in Matthew six, it reads, therefore I tell you do not be anxious about your life and which of you by being anxious can add a single hour to a span of life.  
Speaker 0    00:01:40    Both of those verses are command by I God. This is shown by the direct phrase, do not, which I've highlighted. There are always reasons why God gives us commands. He wants to protect us. Disobedience actually hurts us. And in this case, anxiety can be physically harmful. According to the world has health organization. Anxiety is a stress on the body, anxiety and worry cause stress, hormone cortisol to be released, which can cause the heart to overwork for no reason. Fatigue, headaches, ingestion, and low grade fevers are also related to a consistent release of the hormone. Cortisol is supposed to be produced in the body and stored up for a fight or flight response, having problems or having bird is inevitable in an imperfect world. But that does not mean that I respons the burden should mean to worry. The apostles specifically, Paul dealt with burdens, imagine being persecuted, jailed, and knowing that you be murdered soon, but still dealing with a responsibility to oversee the developing churches that is called a burden.  
Speaker 0    00:02:44    Paul writes, and second Corinthians. We are afflicted in every way, but not crushed perplexed, but not despairing persecuted, but not forsaken struck down, but not destroyed. Paul was burdened and burdened. Unlike anything that we have ever experienced for sure, but burdens we can relate to today can also be family, death, financial problems, a bad grade, no matter how hard you studied a basic schedule then of the future. Anything that God deems to use as a means to test and grow us in our spiritual walk is a burden. Paul did not worry about his current situations, no matter extreme, they were compared to us, but he knew that everything was ultimately controlled by God whom he trusted him. This is the same Paul who wrote Philippians four, six, who told us not to worry. And this leads to my third and final point. In all circumstances, our response to burden should be to go to God and prayer.  
Speaker 0    00:03:37    God is the one who is in control to all knowing what worry is, forgetting. God's hand everything and taking things into our own hands. One academic journal that I came across in my research claims worry, becomes reinforced as feared outcomes, rarely come to be thus providing the illusion that worry successfully ever a catastrophe. Thus worry is a strategies that develops in response to anxiety over uncontrolled outcomes and reinforces itself. Over time, they identified worry as a habit, created an order to dece ourselves. That things are actually in our control facing burdens that would normally worry us, but seeking God. Prayer admits that life in the imperfect world is hard, but it's does not deny our faith in God's power politic. One of the many that set an example of trust in God in hard times. And his example shows that God is glorified. When we do not worry, God is glorified by our obedience to his commands, which is the key issue as to why a worry, if not biblical. So in summaries, don't worry me happy. 
