Speaker 0    00:00:01    Hello everyone today, I'm gonna be talking a little bit about why you should recycle. So I recycle at my house, uh, here in Columbus and I try to do it as much as possible when I'm on campus and I have any waste. So in talking about recycling, it brings up the issue of waste and in the us, most of our waste goes to landfills, which is very problematic. So I'm gonna be talking a little bit about the issues of landfills, why you should recycle and how this can replace the need for landfills and how to recycle. So, first of all, landfills are very costly on, it costs $30 to recycle trash, but it costs $50 to send it to the landfill and even more expensive, $80 to incinerate it and recyclable materials in the us waste stream would generate over $7 billion a year if they were recycle instead.  
Speaker 0    00:00:58    And not only this landfills are very waste. So plastic bags on loan generate over 300,000 tons of Franta waste on an annual basis. One third of the average dump is soy packing material. And the United States currently recycles only 32% of its waste. This is retrieved from the Y university. So why you should recycle, like I said, it eliminates need for landfills and incinerators, but it also brings about many conservation benefits. So in cutting down the trees, you're conserving wildlife habitat. You're also preserving water sources and non-renewable mineral sources here also produce reducing pollution and reversing climate change. But recycling also comes with economic benefits. So it lowers the cost of energy to run landfills and incinerators. And in a recycling economic information study conducted by the environmental protection agency. It was noted that 757,000 jobs, 36.6 billion in wages and 6.7 billion in tax revenue were created just from recycling based activities in one year.  
Speaker 0    00:02:19    So that shows just how important of an operation it is. So a common misconception is about recycling. Well, okay. It takes too much time. It's just an inconvenient thing to do. It's really not. As long as you're a Columbus city resident and you live in a single family home or apartment that uses city of Columbus trash, who are able to be eligible for a recycling bin. So you can just call the Columbus department of public service and it will hook you up with a new fin that you can use. And it's collected every two weeks. This is according to the Columbus public service website and items that you can recycle. I'm sure most you are aware of these, but these are some particularly important ones because they're so common. And this includes a aluminum cans, plastic bottles you can use now instead to eliminate the need for plastic bottles at all newspapers magazine paper, everyone gets papers that they don't actually end up using. And typically they're just thrown away and steel cans and glass containers. And this is from the care two website. And so, um, in conclusion, it's noted that landfills are costly and wasteful. They are, are not necessary and recycling could easily replace them. The earth is not a renewable resource in itself. So if everyone did their part, it would be much better off, um, for the future. And I hope this has motivated you to go out and recycle if you don't already. Thank you. 
