Speaker 0    00:00:00    Good morning, everyone. My name is McKenzie Lee. Today. I will be talking about Chinese cuing. I will tell between so many topics that I want to talk about, but I finally decided I'm going to talk about Chinese cuing because first I look like an expert. No matter what I, you guys are going to believe in me. Second, as an international student from China, I got a lot of question about what does the authentic Chinese food look like. I only only have 20 seconds to explain it to them, but today we will have three minutes to talk about it. So lucky you guys, as we all know, China is a huge country with heavy population. According to world population review, there is one point 42 billion people living in China, heavy population determine China's numerous varieties of food. Chinese food can be roughly divided into eight region cuisines because of the population distribution.  
Speaker 0    00:01:10    94% of the population is located at east side of China. But today we're only going to talk about four Asian cuisines because the of the time limitation Shong provides has a long coast, fresh river fish. Seafood are always the local favorite. The main goal of an authentic Shandong Starship is to preserve the cut color and the taste of the main ingredients. So relatively little spice or sugar is used and extremely heat. Stir frying cookie method is used, which called bow. Their chefs love to cook meat and vegetables in a work over a big, hot flame. They make the oil boil at extremely high temperature and toast in the ingredients for a quick fry. This sinks, the outer layer and looks into the flavor. Also keeps oil from sipping into the food. They usually pull out of oil after the main ingredients are cooked, and then they will add spices seasoning, stir it quickly and very hot.  
Speaker 0    00:02:26    There's only little residual oil on the food. This cooking method is called B. Next one, I will be talking about JSU cuisine. JSU cuisine usually have light and sweet flavor. Their chefs use very elaborate and precise cooking method. And the cookie method are more complex than stir frying. The commonly still brace SIMer and warm, preserved original flavor, and to maintain clarity, freshness and mindness. The sec third one we're gonna talk about is Suran cuisine, their famous of hot, spicy taste and numbing flavor. The reason that they love spicy food is because Suran is surrounding by mountains, geographically. They have very humid weather, which gives them a hard time to keep warm in the winter. So eating spicy can effectively helping them sweat and get rid of that cold. Now SU cuisine is the most wide syrup cuisine in China, famous T cuisine dishes that you guys probably know are Mafu and Ko chicken.  
Speaker 0    00:03:48    And the last one we're going to talk about is Guandong cuisine. In China. We have the joke saying that people from Southern provides a Quando will eat everything with four legs except table and everything that flies except airplanes. Although it's an acceleration, they do have some dishes might contain snakes, dogs, and seafood that not familiar to most foreigners. So to wrap up this presentation today, we talked about Shong cuisine, which has a lot of seafood cuisine, which has light and sweet flavor. Ciran cuisine with hot, spicy taste and numbing flavor and cuisine with a lot of wild food. 
