Speaker 0    00:00:01    Hello, Dr. Carpenter. My name is a BA student of business. 3 1 0. This is my final report presentation on coffee import company business plan for my coffee, LLC. My coffee LLCs purpose is to brand market and bring forth transparency and traceability to the rich agricultural statue of Ethiopia. The will provide a platform for some of the most compelling coffee directly sourced from Ethiopia to strive in the specialty coffee marketplace. The, my coffee will be embedded in Ethiopia, working with private state farms, only the inaugural farm for the year 2017, 2018 coffee season until 2018, 2019 is BRCA dinner, a privately owned coffee farm by Mr. Reen located in ligan net Ethiopia. The company's objective is to build the capacity of coffee, beans to specialty standards grown on private estate, specially in the birthplace of coffee, Ethiopia. In addition, the company will dissect the firm. Varials creating unique, small batch of coffees that grow on a single farm.  
Speaker 0    00:01:31    This allows the expansion of profitability by bringing to the marketplace a limited selection of coffee from the singling out the farm varials last will intricately bring forth transparency and traceability to the European coffee. The goal of the company is to directly source from privately own farms and market distinct single varials coffee highlighting and improving both privately owned farm and very unique. Varials. The company is providing traceability and transparency of Ethiopian coffee to the specialty coffee market, opposed to the current products of blending coffee beans. Varials both from multiple small farmers result into regional coffee and exporting through Ethiopian commodity exchange. The market and branding idea of LLC is what makes it unique. LLC will provide a 21st century market and branding to selling coffee. GE coffee will be taking extensive videos and pictures profiling the worlds of the Ethiopian community that will be applying out capacity methods. Geography will then edit, condense, and streamline the footage. Then present the final cut to the specialty coffee marketplace via website and mobile applications. The company will apply branding to the, the, and heard Varial of Ethiopia coffee with an intensive name strategy that will utilize geographical characteristics on the farm that assist in bringing for the Varial of the coffee identity, whether it's the name of the river run through the coffee farm that feeds the soil it's nutrients, or even the name of the shared trees that provide the essential atmosphere that contributes to the varials grows.  
Speaker 0    00:03:59    The business environmental analysis indicate the strength of GI coffee. The specialty coffee industry is continuously growing worldwide. Great relationship in Ethiopian organic and ultra certificate certified family own coffee, farm, and top 10 coffee export Brothers in Ethiopia. The company's Owner, Ms. Kadija Muhammad is the third generation in coffee business. She has been working for her brother's coffee, farm and coffee exporting company since 2005, until she came to United state. On 2012, the company is implementing a unique supply chain model to distribution of Ethiopian coffee. Inaugural coffee farm has proven success rate in the specialty coffee industry. Brook park dinner firm is the only firm that have its own office it's own warehouse and its own licensing exporting licensing company. Uh, 
