Speaker 1    00:00:01    Thank you, Robbie. The problem in many industrial settings is downtime. Downtime is catastrophically expensive costing $25,000 a minute or one and a half million dollars for every hour in the automotive industry alone. With the rise of automation, this will compound as more machines will sit. Idle. Downtime can be looked at from two different angles, a machine and a worker machines require maintenance and support from workers and workers require notifications and communication from the machines Machines. There's a lot of companies solving the machine side of this by employing sensors, generating statistics and ultimately doing analytics to optimize maintenance. However, as fewer workers are maintaining more machines, the worker communication becomes critical. This is exactly what's happening at a state of the art Ford factory, where they have machines that are connected to dashboard A supervisor monitoring this dashboard issues commands to their technicians. If at any point the supervisor or the technician is distracted or miscommunicate, that can be many minutes of downtime lost. And this happens daily Contributing to roughly 30 minutes of time for this factory per shift, Many companies, we talk to have similar downtime scenarios. They want their workers to be informed faster and more accurately. Hello I'm will Shoemaker CEO and founder of uptime where we're building a smarter industrial communication platform to inform workers faster and more effectively.  
Speaker 1    00:01:43    Our solution is to employ smart glasses, To deliver notifications directly to a worker's field of view in a timely and accurate manner. In addition, we'll provide, provide a voice driven communication platform. So workers can talk with one another in a similar manner to walkie talkies. Initially we can use off the shelf smart glasses, but eventually we will build our own wearable with the specific needs of industrial communication. In mind, Within one month, our system would pay for itself at the sport factory Over the course of a year we'd return. 10 time is the initial investment Netting, a savings of 3 million for this one factory by saving a modest half a minute of down Heim per shift Across the us. There are 3,500 factories that could leverage the same technology, Putting us at a roughly $10 billion market across, um, of savings across the us manufacturing area. And of course, manufacturing is not the only Industry that suffers from downtime. The construction and oil gas sectors could definitely benefit from having more informed workers. Our team is uniquely poised to solve this problem A little bit about myself. I grew up in Detroit area, my family owned and operated at industrial competing company. I went on to get my PhD in physics, culminating with a research career at Stanford, working on their billion dollar x-ray laser facility. This facility suffers a variety of down times,  
Speaker 1    00:03:29    And this inspired me to look for solutions. My co-founder Michael is a PhD student in electrical engineering from Stanford with a research focus in acoustics and horrible technologies. Our domain advisor, Bob has over 40 years experience in the advanced manufacturing area. He's set up And supervised numerous factories throughout his career between us with the acoustic, the optical, the acoustic, and the industrial knowledge required to create a new industrial communication system to make a more informed reality for workers. If you believe in our more informed reality, please come, come talk to us. Thank you. 
