Speaker 0    00:00:01    We have so many great musicians among us, but none of these are as influential as bow. We look at these like Kanye west Madonna lady Gaga, listen to him like we think, wow, these guys are great, but in reality, it all goes back to one guy. And that is the great David bow influence. He has a great influence on many great musicians today. Um, he is an icon when it comes to fashion, as well as an icon when it comes to music. So let's get started. David Bowie influenced so many great, uh, musicians and their music. Let's start by saying, uh, Kanye west not only was predicted by David Bowie to be a very successful musician, but Kanye west was the first to think David bow first when he died, as well as it says that David Bowie was one of the most influe on his career in a rolling stones interview that not only, uh, influences his music, but also fashion and just audacity in general. So another example is, uh, Madonna. We see Madonna's of bow through fashion, as well as charisma and just being a pretty ridiculous person in general.  
Speaker 0    00:01:34    This was something that was really never seen before David Bowie and because he started doing those things was so just ballsy about everything. A lot of musicians really started doing that as well. So now, you know, a little bit about the, uh, musicians that David P has influenced. Let's talk about fashion. Bowie has a huge name in the fashion industry, starting with his costumes as, uh, like star going all the way up to, um, his black star album when he's depicted as like his mummy figure. But people, people really dig it, I guess I'm not really doing <inaudible>, but, um, though he has worked with many different designers, which has led him to becoming such a successful, uh, in a fashion industry, uh, and has been claimed by Forbes, GQ magazine and rolling stones as a very influential, uh fashionist uh, and he's greatly influenced fashion to where it has become today. So let's take a look at, uh, lady Argo's costumes of the super bowl, as well as different costumes, including Beyonces and many others. So clearly David Bowie is big in the fashion industry. And now that you know that let's talk about his music, Bowie's  
Speaker 1    00:02:58    Music is really what he's known for. Obviously he's a musician, but as a musician, he search as an artist as well. So Bo's music, uh, is what he's remembered for he's has four records that reached a top in sales, including the low album, like he star us in this inspires as the live album and the ashes to ashes album, which featured ashes to ashes the most killer baseline of all time. So, um, he has many songs that have been written in, are greatly known. He's worked with some of the best musicians, MC Jagger, um, uh, the queen, whoever the fuck that is damnit. Um, he has written songs for many different genres. So if we look at the Ziggy from Ziggy star ass album and compare that to the low album, we're gonna see a big difference in funk to rock and roll. Or if we, we compare the Zuki star to album, to the, uh, ashes ashes album, we're just gonna see a massive difference in the funkiness. So looking at these reasons, it is clear to see how Bo is such an influential artist in the music industry. People give him so much credit for what he's done. He is a huge name fashion as well as a huge name of music. So next time you're listening to a hot track think to yourself, but we was probably the reason this person read this song. 
