Speaker 0    00:00:00    Hi, I'm, uh, Paul comas. I run a group called the 18th. We are basically animation technology and research team. So, um, I'm helping Phil void, which I think, uh, hasn't been properly addressed in our organization, which is, um, she is responsible for doing, uh, research and learning, uh, far into the future. We have frost by technology frost by animation, which does a lot of, uh, um, technology for the current, but doesn't do so much forward thinking. Doesn't do enough innovation that I believe they should. And I am trying to help fill that void by creating technology for now, but also for one to two years out. So thinking about things that we can do to improve the quality of animation in our game specific game, play animation. So this is, um, how do I make the player look and feel, uh, realistic, believable, responsive. Um, how do I do that in a way that doesn't make the workflow really problematic for the artists?  
Speaker 0    00:00:54    How do I do this in a way that is, uh, uh, really easy to do, but it creates powerful techniques that also scales us a bunch of different games. So we have games like FIFA, you know, they're very animation driven games. There, there need to have a certain style of, of movement with games like, uh, like battlefield, which is much more multiplayer focused, very, very, uh, server driven animation system. So it needs to be kind of, you need to handle a very, uh, wide variety of animation systems. And then we also have games like dragon age and, uh, and Anthem, which have crazy creatures, multi limb things with like chairs that come to life, like all sorts of very interesting and creative race. And it's like, how can I create systems to help animations in all these varieties of games do better? So that, that's my, that's my goal. I am trying to help animation do better, um, by improving quality through technology. And I have, uh, three people, two, two engineers, and one, uh, technical animator, uh, who are really engaged to help me do that. The technical animator helps me with support and my engineers, they drive forward progress and also help me create the technology up to  
Speaker 2    00:02:04    What years ago. Okay. Given the charter you discussed, do you think your size of the team is appropriate? Do you think you have the right team?  
Speaker 0    00:02:14    I think I have the right team and I think I, I chose this team size specifically because I wanted it to be small enough that we were not so large, that I was burdened with a lot of people management and responsibility, but not so small that it was just me who was not as impactful as I want. Would I want it to be larger? Probably maybe up to six, but I don't know if I could get like a 10 or 20 person team doing the role that I'm doing now as effectively  
Speaker 2    00:02:39    Question to you, would you be able to handle battle?  
Speaker 0    00:02:44    I currently do. I support up to five teams currently, I'm working with rag tag. I'm working with FIFA, I'm working with UFC, I'm working with, uh, plants versus zombies. I'm helping Anthem. I, I already support a whole, whole variety of teams.  
Speaker 2    00:02:57    Okay. So how do you manage your own time helping and how do you prioritize?  
Speaker 0    00:03:01    So it's actually, it's a really easy metric for me. Well, it's not easy. It's, it's hard to say no, but the, the idea is I don't write the feature for you gain. I write the technology that helps you write the feature. And I also only write technology that I know can be used across multiple game teams. And I can do this because I've have experience. I I've worked with a bunch of different painting. I know what their, uh, their systems are. I know what they're looking for. So it's, it's about trying to help them solve problems that they have, but doing it in a way that I know can help multiple teams. And so how this helps me scale or not get overwhelmed by too much support is, um, creating sort of varied the find, um, blocks of technology that work within a certain scope and then allow the teams to put their own customizations in, in a way that is not, um, dependent on me. So if they need to add context to say like, Hey, I want to do, you know, Aldo needs to behave in this way. Uh, I give them access or API or interface for them to be able to do that. Um, with out asking me, say, Hey, I need to do this. Well, what do I need to do?  
Speaker 2    00:04:03    So tell me, what's the web clear boundaries of owner between ING code by your code?  
Speaker 0    00:04:11    I have, I have a set of plugins, um, motion synthesis, plugins, it's an and plugins, basically anything in that code base. I own, you give a problem with that code. You, you come to me, you, you wanna make changes in that code. That's fine. But come talk to me and we'll talk about how to make sure that we minimize divergence. So, uh, any code that needs to be for a game I'll, I'll add an interface or we'll talk about a ways to make sure that you can do it, uh, for frostbite side, since it's a plugin, I also need to make changes to frostbite occasionally. So I work with the frostbite team to say, Hey, I need to open this up to allow me to do this thing or look, uh, my, my plugins are exposing a bug in your code. Can we work together to fix that thing? So, um, it's pretty isolated in a sense of clear boundaries about what is mine versus what is frostbite and what this game takes.  
Speaker 2    00:04:54    So who's responsible for the quality of the product. I didn't hear you mention anything for quality.  
Speaker 0    00:04:58    Uh, I'm responsible and my team is responsible. So we have a very. 
