Speaker 0    00:00:01    Today's date is Wednesday, August 1st, 2012. This is Anthony pat with the working the port project. And I'm in the office of George LaMer, the assistant chief of the port authority Marine fire department. Just for starters, I wanted to ask you a little bit about your, your background, your history, where you were born and educated,  
Speaker 1    00:00:25    Long story. <laugh> okay. I was, uh, born in Jefferson city, Missouri and lived, uh, in Columbia, Missouri up until I was six years old. My mother died and, uh, my dad was kind of forced to join service again so that he could pay the hospital bills and this sort of thing. And, uh, so from that point right there, I was pretty much what you call an army. Brad. We moved immediately to Santon, Texas. Okay. Where he was stationed for Sam. And from there, it was just hang on to your hat. We're going in the world. And our first duty station that he got shipped off to was in Ethiopia. And I spent two and a half years in Ethiopia. And from there back to Fort Sam, and then my dad went to Vietnam for stretch when I was, uh, 13 years old. And when he came back from Vietnam, he, uh, he applied for a job with Harris county health department in Houston and got the job and we moved to Houston.  
Speaker 1    00:01:35    That's uh, that's when I started the Houston area, when I was about 14, 15 years old, came to Houston area, had an attraction to the water. Uh, the time that we spent in Ethiopia, we were at an elevation of 8,000 feet and my dad loved boats and he started building a boat. We lived within a compound and, uh, there wasn't much to do out side of what you could do with your hands within there. There was no going outside of the compound or anything. It was a really dangerous area around there. Uh, we would get, uh, periodic vacations where we would go to alwa, which is down at the port on the red sea. And that was, uh, a real pleasure for us to get around the water, you know, see something a little different. And, uh, the two and a half years that, uh, that we were there. I think dad spent something like about two years of it built in the boat and it was, uh, 16 foot, just pretty much bare bones, whatever he could scrap up in the way it would went onto this boat. And we haul it down the mountain. And, uh, we were the only ones that have a boat, uh, from, uh, there on went to Robert E. Lee high school in, uh, in Baytown graduated  
Speaker 1    00:03:03    And immediately joined the United States coast guard Spent four years in the coast guard. My first assignment in the coast guard was to Hawaii, was sent to Hawaii, temporary assignment duty. And from there I was stationed on Loran station in Thailand for 13 months. Uh, from there, I came back to the back to Houston and was stationed here at the port of Houston at captain port of Houston There for about nine months. I got transferred to, uh, to New York And spent the remainder of my time, uh, with, in the coast guard at a lifeboat station on Jones beach. But, uh, during my time at the port of Houston, I went on board, the cap in karate, which is the old fire boat built in 1950. And we did a kind of a, uh, information tour of it and then showing us what they had and everything. I was very impressed with the boat. You know, it was just clean as a whistle. I said, when I get out, this is where I'm coming back and sure enough, I did. And I was hired within something like about four months after I got out At that time, they were building the fireboat Farmsworth, which is the boat that's right out here right now.  
Speaker 1    00:04:35    So I'm what they call a plank owner, Uh, Of that particular vessel. I haven't been on it the whole time. I've shifted around. I was on the Bracewell for a while. I was on the karate. Uh, I was on the Tilson and, uh, over the last five years, I've just kind of migrated back to the Farmsworth. And this is where I plan on stand until I leave.  
Speaker 3    00:05:03    The karate was, um, the first boat for the  
Speaker 1    00:05:06    Port. It was, it was the first boat that was actually owned by the port of Houston. Prior to that, um, The port of Houston's fire protection was under, um, the city of Houston. And they had the old port Houston, which is a, I think it was about an 80 or 90 foot fire boat. And they got rid of it. And the port of Houston bought the captain karate in 1950 and then became the separate entity. 
