Speaker 0    00:00:01    All right. Neat. So this is ginger Nickerson and, um, I am interviewing Michael Pty at the, just outside the Mont PE offices of the central Vermont solid waste management district on August 21st, 2018. And, um, Mike, can you tell me roughly when and where you were born?  
Speaker 1    00:00:30    I was born less than two miles from here, actually at the, it was, I believe the Berlin general hospital at that time in 1982. Uh, it is now part of the UVM network of medical facilities was at UVM at central Vermont medical center now. Oh, it's something, yeah, not the same thing. It was 36 years ago.  
Speaker 0    00:00:55    Yeah. So what's, what's your current job and how long have you been in this line of work?  
Speaker 1    00:01:02    My current position is as program coordinator with the central Vermont solid waste management district. Um, I've been doing some kind of solid waste work on and off about the last decade. I took a breather in there to get some retail experience, um, and also because they, they closed a lot of the facilities where the district was maintaining their solid waste management practices. And so, and that wasn't a dramatic thing. It was just money. It was 2008. There's a pretty substantial implosion in the recycling commodities markets and they just lost, they just couldn't keep going with what they had left. Uh, but I've been doing this current job. It'll be three years this November <affirmative> and, uh, yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:01:47    Yeah. So what's, what's the title of your current  
Speaker 1    00:01:49    Job, uh, program coordinator, which is a very bureaucratic sounding thing for, for what I do, mostly what I do is I just kind of make shipments go in and out, uh, meet people at the front door, sort at stuff in the larger boxes or smaller boxes as necessary. Uh, and then do a lot of typing about the things that I sorted into boxes and the trucks that I got moving around  
Speaker 0    00:02:13    Uhhuh <affirmative>. And so when you say you meet people at the front door, you mean at the, a RCC?  
Speaker 1    00:02:19    Yeah. I should be clear that I'm referring to customer service at the additional recyclable center, which is a CVS w M D program that we've been doing. I wanna say since about 2012, 2011, it's had a couple different incarnations and right now it seems to be in its largest operating capacity and probably most substantial footprint that has had in that time.  
Speaker 0    00:02:45    Um, yeah. So how, how did you get into waste management? What, what was the pathway that led you to this kind of career  
Speaker 1    00:02:57    Unhappy accident? We moved here from my in-law's basement about 80 miles north of here, and I needed a job and pretty much all I'd had up to that point was farm work, which is not a resume fluffer. So I noticed that there was like a, a weekend attendant, I think at the facility, not the one I'm currently working at, but at, uh, at one of the basic trash and recycling collection centers, they used to have about 10 years ago. Uh, they needed someone to fill a couple hours a week. And the first day I showed up there was an ambulance. And one of the people who had been working there was an older woman who had been ignoring a football sized ovarian cist for several months. Uh, it had finally incapacitated her on the job. And I showed up for what I thought was it was an interview and a quick training. And she said, well, I guess we have a slot for you now. Um, it's just a, a real shocker. I think people knew she was having some medical issues, but they didn't realize it was anything that substantial. Um, and I fell into that position. And so that's where I started doing it about four days a week, give or take at different facilities throughout the district.  
Speaker 2    00:04:15    Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:04:16    And, um, how did, how did you learn what to do?  
Speaker 1    00:04:23    It's very much O J T uh, on the job training, right? So you can have a pretty good idea of what is garbage and what is recyclable or what is hazardous waste. And even if you don't, you can kind of start from zero and, and get to where you need to be. I was kind of a recycling nerd up to that point. Anyway, I was just very focused on it, but we, at that time, before moving to, to Plainfield, before we moved to Barry, I started working in Barry, had been living in a place where there's not a lot of recycling going on up in Franklin county. And yeah, like her parents just threw it all in one big trash can. So I knew what was supposed to be recycled, but I knew there was all also no enforcement and not a lot of supplies offered from her current trash haul. Uh, so I didn't keep up on the education in that regard, but I knew that there were things you could do, like soda bottles and newspapers and aluminum cans and all like the classic side of the road recycling. I. 
