Speaker 0    00:00:01    Well, I'm just gonna do a little introduction here. Like I did last time. Um, it is, uh, March 6th. Is that? Yep. March 6th, 2013. Um, this is Hannah harvester with Tony. I'm here with, uh, Bob Andrews at the Andrews view farm in Fowler. And, um, this is our, our second, uh, interview speaking about Bob and Diane's farm. Um, so, uh, Bob would, do you start out by, uh, describing the work on your farm sort of season by season mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    00:00:34    <affirmative>? Well, let's, let's start out by the constants. Okay. The constants is chores every morning and every night in the milking of the KES, the feeding of the KES and so forth. And that's constant 365 days a year. And, uh, that, that's what we call barn chores. And then you got the seasonality right now being March we're, uh, getting prepared for spring. That means that I'm lining up all my fencing materials, lining up all my seed, fertilizer and chemicals so that I can plant, hopefully in late may and early June. And my goal is to start utilizing my pastures by the first day of may. So I won't be to pay, had bond stored feeds. So that's, that's what we're getting things prepared for. Of course, this time of year is the time when you, uh, take advantage of the educational opportunities. Like yesterday, I went to Watertown and took a, uh, a pesticide course in corn and hit some topics on, uh, hay and also a little bit about soybeans and to get some D E C credits so I can renew my pesticide license. So that's what I done yesterday.  
Speaker 0    00:01:56    Was that through, uh, extension  
Speaker 1    00:01:58    Or? Yep. That was through Jefferson county extension in New York state department of environmental conservation. Okay. Yeah. So that's one thing that was going on. Of course I continually go, uh, uh, for education and assessing because I am an assessor for the talent fellow and that's a constant change, as you will imagine, especially with the proposal to, uh, uh, prevent fraud in, uh, a star program. I don't know if you're familiar with that. That's, that's where you get a rebate where you don't have to pay school taxes and so forth. And the state of New York is gonna be breaking down and, uh, prosecuting people for fraud in that program. So we're getting things lined up. So we don't have too many case is like that in the town of L we're doing some check-in right now. Um, another thing is going on this time of year is, uh, uh, my extracurricular activities. I chair the soil and water district for St. Lawrence county. And I also chair the farmland protection board for St. Lawrence county mm-hmm <affirmative> and tomorrow night, the seventh, we're going to be talking about our big ag tour and the changing face of land utilization in St. Lawrence county. And I've been doing some prep work and getting that ready for that meeting  
Speaker 0    00:03:18    All. Are those both volunteer?  
Speaker 1    00:03:20    Oh, absolutely.  
Speaker 0    00:03:21    Now how much of, uh, you know, your work life, would you say goes into to those two board positions? How much?  
Speaker 1    00:03:30    Well, I also said on the north country ag development, which is a six county, uh, conjecture, and it's the only organization in the state of New York that his farmer led to guide Cornell university and research projects. So I'm very proud of my involvement with that one. And I also said on the steering committee for the senior citizens home here, they had some serious problems for a number of years, and, uh, we're finally getting them ally squared away and, uh, in good shape. So those are my extracurricular activities besides being an assessor for the township.  
Speaker 0    00:04:08    And the assessor is a paid position,  
Speaker 1    00:04:09    The paid position, I make a whole $3,800 a year for that <laugh> yeah,  
Speaker 0    00:04:15    Well, I just wanted, I, I remember the last time I was here, you mentioned that you had done a calculus and the farm was bringing in 20% of the family income. So that's the farm, uh, Diane's part-time job. And that would be the only other income as the assessor. Yep.  
Speaker 1    00:04:32    Last year on this farm, I do a pretty good job managing what we have here for assets and what we have for milk. We do pretty good as far as, you know, pounds of milk per gallon and so forth. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, but 2012, when I sat down and done all of the tax preparations and so forth, the reality was I sold milk for seven months out, 12 for less than cost of production. That's because milk prices were sold deep pressed, and I've never in my 35 years here on the farm, as a proprietor have seen my expenses go up so fast and every aspect of what I purchase and, and bring in to utilize on the farm.  
Speaker 0    00:05:20    Now that was, is largely due to the drought or other factors as well.  
Speaker 1    00:05:25    Fuel prices. Everything related to fuel is gone astronomically high. When we sat down and done the books, my fuel expenses were over $6,000 greater this year than they were in 2011. 
