Speaker 0    00:00:00    So I'm so it's a little intimidating, but what he would do is he would do things indirect and it wasn't about calming the waters. It was about stirring up the waters and creating a storm that eventually would lead this broken ship to the shore. It was trying to get to in the first place <laugh> so what he constantly instigating and steering waits. That's what he was doing, man. So like, if you ever seen the movie Moana, if anybody has kids here, I'm sure you've seen Moana  
Speaker 0    00:00:30    Right? When she goes out and all of a sudden there's a storm and she loses her mind, thinks everything is lost. And all of a sudden she wakes up and she's right where she was supposed to be. That's it? Wow. That's a great example. Great example. So you we're coming out to the last 15 minutes. I got a list of questions that I'm not gonna get to, but I do wanna ask a couple of these is your plan against the golden state warriors score is 1 0 7 1 0 9. You guys are close to getting into the playoff. You know exactly what happens in the game. You go up, you're about to take your shot. And then all of a sudden, boom. Yeah. Achilles happens, right? Friend of mine, NEMA. He is here just to listen to, he played ball. And he told me, he says, Patrick, I don't think you understand. He says, when I tore my Achilles in high school, he says, four friends of mine dragged me to my house. I was crying from their straight to the hospital. He says, I have no clue how the hell this guy did it. He went and hit the free throws. And then you walked off the stage. Yeah. And then you got the surgery done.  
Speaker 0    00:01:42    Yeah. How the hell do you tolerate that kind of pain? Uh, you know, I, I use this, I tell this example and I think this is the best way to explain it. Um, you know, you have a hamstring injury, you pull your hamstring really, really badly. You can barely walk, right? Let alone play anything, soccer, basketball, volleyball, whatever it is. Can't do anything. Doctor tells you, go home, sit up on the couch, rest your hammy. Right? Stay off of it. Don't get up. No sudden movements. You're at home. All of a sudden, a, a fire breaks out in the home, right? Your kids are upstairs. You know, wife is, you know, wherever she may be. You know this shit's going down, right. I'm willing to bet that you're gonna forget about your hamstring. You're gonna sprint upstairs. You're gonna grab your kids. You're gonna make sure your wife's good.  
Speaker 0    00:02:38    You're getting outta that house. Right. Hamstring. Be them. You're not gonna fill your hamstring. Right. And the reason is because the lives of your family are more important than the injury of your hamstring. And so when the game is more important than the injury itself, you don't feel that damn injury. Not at that time. Yeah. So you go to the locker room, you guys had a shot that, you know, to go into the, you guys were a team that no one wanted to face. Even though there was conflict, you know, maybe if you would've gone round one, who knows, maybe Dwight would've gone together. You know, who knows what was gonna happen? It's just, you were the kind of team that look, it's just a then about to face these guys. We just hoping you don't make the playoffs. Right. I'm sure a lot of people were very happy that you guys didn't make the playoffs that year, but you go into the locker room and then one of the reporters comes up to you and he says to you, Kobe, are you convinced that they told you it's probably torn Achilles.  
Speaker 0    00:03:35    They're gonna do an MRI. Are you pretty convinced? That's what it is. And your as answer is, yeah. Then one of the reporters says, but if anyone is gonna get through this, it's probably you. Right. You put your head down and you say, oh man, shit. Right. And you have tears in your eyes. Yeah. Did you say, oh man, shit. Because everybody's expecting me to be invincible, man. Like freaking let me just play damn game. I'm a human being. Is that kind of what you were thinking? Or was it like the worlds expect me to come back in the next month? Cuz I'm Kobe. Like what were you thinking? And that might all that pressure. Oh, I was thinking like, I don't know if I can do this. Achilles were like the kiss of death. Yes. Athletes. Like, I don't, I don't know if I can do this.  
Speaker 0    00:04:20    I don't know. There's so many factors. There's the surgery that has to take place. The surgery has to go well. Right. And then just, it's a tendon. I'm not dealing with anything. That's muscular things that I can control. I can't control a tendon. You know what I'm saying? So like, I don't know. And then thinking about what that process of recovery's gonna look like, it's a long one. Do I want to do that shit? I don't. I don't, I don't know if I wanna do it. I don't know. So that was the hardest part. You, you don't know if you want to do it or you don't know if you are gonna be able to come back from it both. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I want to do it. Got it. Miss. It's a long, long process. But like when I, I went in the trainer's room, my kids in there and you know, they're looking at you and stuff and I'm looking at them and I'm like, you know, it's right. Dad's gonna be right. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, it'll be fine. It'll be all right. It'll be right. It'll be all right. As a parent, you gotta set the example. You gotta. 
